hey guys IV here and in this episode
we're going to be showing you how to
make the eyes this is probably the
easiest part of the first suit to make
and it is also one of the funnest parts
to make now if you watched my first
video on how to make the head it'll show
you the skeleton you can notice that on
the skeleton I cut out holes in the eyes
where that is so what you need to do is
make sure that you know exactly what
your eye is going to look like before
you start what you'll need is you'll
need UM foamies you'll need very very
small hold wireframe paint and some glue
guns and some scissors and these eyes
are a little bit follow me eyes they're
really good follow me eyes if you put a
lot of detail into them and a lot of
efforts so the first thing you want to
do is draw your eye and I'm going to do
that real fast okay so I have the eyes
finished and as you can see whoops I
just put a sharpie on my whatever as you
can see these eyes they are not the same
but this is just a tutorial when you're
doing yours you want to make sure that
your eyes are well done as you want them
so when you do have yours on one of the
eyes you're going to draw a circle where
the actual eye parts going to be this
parts going to be chopped out what you
want to do with that is take this and do
it exactly the same so if you were to
flip it and trace it it would look this
is hard a lot like this except you know
the same that looks really crappy okay
so what you want to do is cut these out
and also when you're cutting this out
take the flat end right here and cut
long two very long strips this will give
it the note on the follow me eye effect
I'll show you what that looks like so
I've cut out what you basically need for
one of the eyes I'm only going to do one
eye because I don't see what I have to
do two eyes so what you want to do is
take this part put it down on this thing
whatever this is called the wireframe
and trace where the eye is so if I was
to pretend I'm tracing this because I
have to hold the camera so I traced it
it looks like this what you want to do
well whatever
what you want to do is put a little
outline around it because what you're
going to do is you're going to cut this
out this wider part and you're going to
glue on the back of this so it sticks to
make this eye part finished what you
want to do I'm really going to the
sharpie is going to give a lot of damage
to things take the hot glue and you just
glue it all the way around like that and
make sure that when you're gluing the
part that has like all your drawings and
stuff is facing inwards so if your eye
this is the inside so you can see this
part but people can't see it you want
the part that people can't see to be on
the outer edge so it looks neater with
this you're going to have two of them
you're going to take your paint and
you're going to paint what you want the
eye to look like so I'm going to do
these blue I'm going to paint them and
then I'm going to hot glue them into the
eye and show you what that looks like
okay so I got kind of ahead of you but
this is Calypso she's the newest fur
suit that I made and I already put in
the eyes now if you look closer on the
lines bad you could see the little holes
now if you have too much paint in the
holes then what you have to do is just
poke with like a pen or like a what you
call it needle needle or like a
toothpick and you just got a
now pop the holes and you don't have to
pop all of them but just prop enough so
that you can see and not a lot of people
are going to notice I mean you can
barely notice and I'm like really close
no one's going to notice if you're like
back here and you can see just fine um
when you want to put eyes on your first
suit you will glue them in when you have
all of your foaming done that's when you
attach the eyes to the face you don't
glue on the eyes when you're doing your
skeleton which is the wire foam you want
to put the eyes on a solid base like the
foaming so you just stick them in there
and if you have problems putting the
eyes in and getting them in a spot where
you want them to be all you have to do
is just trim around your foam and they
should fit in there nicely um your eyes
when you're gluing them in you have to
make sure that what was I gonna say
you don't put glue on and then shove the
eye in you want to put the eye in there
and then glue around it so it doesn't
get messy and stuff see I got a mess of
it but that's okay um here my model is
going to turn her head left and right
super slow the eyes kind of our follow
me if you can see from a distance sorry
do like a spin slow spin do a slow spin
yes the eyes kind of follow you so here
I'm trying to get so people can see if
you look at the eyes here it sort of
looks like they're looking ahead so here
it kind of looks like they're glancing
at you from the side they're looking at
you they're still looking at you so they
kind of follow you I guess so
and that is calypso and that was the eye
tutorial um
if this tutorial helped let me know if
you have any questions or if you're
confused about something let me know if
you think Calypso is totally adorable
post in the comments I like Calypso
these two are going to be
the friends where did you put him best
of friends
hold it best friend look forward to
videos with these of these two um and if
you want to see videos of these first
suits in action I'll put a link in the
description below
oh I've spoken what I just poked are
sort of the padding came out okay can
you do that for me if you want to see
these guys in action
oh here take it that do you see what's
wrong nope is homage in the Opera that
padding here is missing it should be in
the mouth somewhere
look just glue it on if you want to see
these first suits in action I'll put a
link in the description below
leading to lead Skeets Channel and
Calypso peeps I just got my thumb there
will be on there also thanks for
watching bye